so lets just run this program again just to
make sure that it is showing the four
field variables that we have defined and you can
see down their we got the fourth fields putting
up the artist field the album field
the year field and the song field so that's
working fine so the
first approach that I'll take to putting
the data into the classes follows
naturally from the data in other words
as each row is read we are gonna create a song object
and then add that to the album and when
a new album is found in the data the current album is gonna be stored in the
artist's album list and a new album
object created with that current rows
details and likewise the same things can
happen when a record for a new artist is
read the current artist is gonna be saved in the
artists list and new artist objects
is gonna be then created with the data in the current
row and we are gonna put all the code to populate
the objects from the data file in a
function and that function will return a list
of artists objects when we are finishing processing the
file so lets start by expanding the
existing code that we got in our load data so we got this code we wrote
in the previous video I'm gonna change
this a bit now actually what will do is change it
a little bit lets just expanded and put some formatting in their so its easier to read so
I'm going to add some formatting code.....
....
....and what that means
at this point is that we just
read details for a new artist so we've just read
details from new artist so what we want to do their is to store the current album in
the current artist collection and create a new artist object so will just put our
documentation.....
....
.....
.....and then moving down here so we are going to do
a test here....remembering the previous if was on line
94 we are testing for artists we are not doing the test for album so....
....
.....
....just like before when we are reading details about a new artist in this case we've just read a
new album for the current artists so....
....
....so we want to store the current album in
the artist collection and then create a new
album object so....
....
...
....ok so that is
going through the entire code going
through the entire text file albums.txt
which we started doing it or started the with open on line 87 so
down here then what we want to do after
we finished reading the last line of
that albums.txt text file then we're
gonna have an artist and an album that
haven't been stored so we need to do
that now so...
.....
...
....
.....
....so we want the 4 to execute to go
through the entire file then this code here is going to start executing after that
4 is complete so its process the file and we are just processing the last line there
that's fixed  that up and then returning as I
mentioned the artist list that we've
created from this code from reading
in that file one thing to be aware of
with this approach is that the objects
aren't stored in their collections until a new
record is read from the file now for
example the current album is only added
to the artists album list when a record
containing a different album is read that's
just the way that we set this up to process
so ultimately what that means is the
last set of data won't be stored and
that's why I've added this code from line 118
down to process that lasted bit of code to
check if theirs a valid artist object on that
last line adds that to the global list of artist and also adds the current album
the last one read into the artists
list of albums so let's make a change so we just load data
here so lets test to see whether this works
and we are going to do it differently we gonna put....
...so we are gonna save the result the artist list that has
been returned and print out how many their is so...
....
....so lets running this and see what happens we can see it says
there's twenty eight artist and that seems to
be working ok but how can we have be
sure that it is well theirs a number of ways
we could validate the data contained
in the artist the album the song objects
but this sort of checking is probably
best left to the computer because the
ability to compare two or more files has
been provided with most operating
systems for years but rather than using
command-line tools we can do we can now
used the compare files feature
of IntelliJ to do this comparison for us
much better to get the computer to be
doing this sort of comparison checking
rather than using you
know ourselves to do that so to achieve this all we
really have to do is use our objects to
write a new file in the same format as the original and getting IntelliJ to check
for differences
so lets go and write a function to write the check file and
then we are gonna call it in the main program
after we got this print out here so close that down and write that method will start down here...
....so we define a file called...
....
.....
....and that really should be all we
need to do to write that out and that should be in the same format as
the original albums.txt files
because we've printed it out and with
the relevant information separated by
tabs of course as the original file had so to
test this we can then add a call after the print
here....
.....so
let's just run that you can see there
I made a mistake in 1.name and I got a bracket
there instead of a right brace....
and run it again....ok we've now got a check file txt that's been
created so that's good we have just a quick
look to see that it looks roughly the
same theirs the original albums.txt
check file does seem to look pretty good
but lets end the video here and in the
next video will start going through and we'll use IntelliJ compare files option to confirm
that these files are identical so
let's do that in the next video